[Music]
Love resounds, dispelling
greed, cruelty, and deceit. Love resounds, dispelling
countless
injustices. Life's past pain and ignorance now vanish like
rain, for the Buddha has been born.
Our benevolent father, Shakyamuni,
join hands with us to build a life of
flowers. From today, we, his children,
transcend the three chambers, carrying in our hearts the
image of the Buddha.
[Music]
Love resounds, dispelling greed, cruelty, and deceit. Love resounds,
dispelling
countless injustices. Life's past pain and
ignorance now vanish like rain, for the
Buddha has been born.
Our benevolent father, Shakyamuni, bestows peace and joy
everywhere, dispelling delusion. We
sing aloud, we sing to praise the Buddha's teachings,
letting the song spread far and wide.
From today, we, his children, let our hearts
blossom with the Dharma. Join hands, let us build a life of flowers.
From today, we, his children, let our hearts blossom with the Dharma.  Let us
join hands, brothers and sisters, to build a
life of blossoming
flowers from today. We, brothers and sisters, are the
disciples of Shakyamuni, the disciples of Shakyamuni, overcoming the storms,
carrying in our hearts the image of Buddha.
From today, we, brothers and sisters, will let our spiritual hearts
blossom. Let us join hands, brothers and sisters, to build a
life of blossoming flowers
from today. We, brothers and sisters, are the
disciples of Shakyamuni, overcoming the storms, carrying
in our hearts the image of Buddha.
From today, we, brothers and sisters, will let our spiritual hearts
blossom. Let us join hands, brothers and sisters, to build a
life of blossoming flowers
from today. We, brothers and sisters, are the
disciples of Shakyamuni, the disciples of Shakyamuni, overcoming the storms, carrying
in our hearts the image of Buddha. The
joy grows even greater. Everywhere, songs of
welcome resound from me.
[Music]